Update Complete_Rec.mdx (#6154)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: content/2_Bronze/Complete_Rec.mdx

</PySection>
</LanguageSection>

> Since both the sets are identical we can do masking for only n - 1 bits: mask < 1 << (n - 1), and set the last number to always be in the second set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, since the two sets are interchangeable, we can set the last number to always be in the second set. This would translate to iterating on masks from $0$ to $2^{n-1}-1$, instead of $2^{n}-1$.
```
